# Introduction


After a planned order is created, we will need to release/birth WIP to start production for the order. The WIP release screen allows user to release WIP into the first step of the specified route. A unique WIP ID is created for each of released WIP. 

How to get there?


::: mermaid
graph LR
A("PRODUCTION")-->0("WIP")
0-->1("WIP RELEASE")

:::


### Precondition




- Planned order must exist if user intend to release WIP into an order

- BOM must exist for the material

- Material must be associated to the route in
[Route Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)
- WIP Release Type must be pre-configured in
[Material Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md). This will specify if the WIP ID created during WIP release is generated by the system or manually assigned by user
- If user intend to release WIP in panel, panel type must first be pre-configured in
[Material Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md). Only WIP Release Type "Assigned Serial Number" has the option to release WIP into panels.
Panel Type is created in [Panel Type Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)
- If user intend to use "Auto Batch Id" option, Batch Next Number must be pre-configured in
[Customer Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)'s Configuration Options tab 
Only Next Number with "Batch" type is available for selection in Customer Maintenance.
- If user intend to use the "Existing Batch" option, a batch associated to the related customer must be pre-configured in
[Batch Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)


#### Screen Activity


WIP Release enables user to perform the following activity:

- Release WIP with or without specifying an order

- Release WIP into an existing batch (choose Existing Batch option)

- Release WIP into a system generated batch ID (choose Auto Batch Id option)

- Release WIP into panels

- Specify the Route to release the WIP

- Specify the quantity of WIP to release

- View build quantity, released quantity and remaining quantity to release for the order and/or batch



#### Screen Dependency


The following screen(s) has direct dependency with WIP Release

- *[WIP Release](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)*

- *[Batch Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)*

- *[Next Number Maintenance](iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)*
(for next number created for batch)
- [Validation Mask Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)

- *[Material Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)*

- *[BOM Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)*

- *[Route Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)*

- *[Panel Type Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/WIP-Release.md)*



#### Fields



<table class="confluenceTable"><colgroup><col /><col /></colgroup><tbody><tr><td class="highlight confluenceTd"><p><strong>Field</strong></p></td><td class="highlight confluenceTd"><p><strong>Description</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Release Without Order</p></td><td class="confluenceTd">If checked, <span>the WIP released will not be associated to any order </span><br />If unchecked, <span>user is required to select an order. WIP released will be associated to the specified order </span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Auto Batch ID</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">If this option is selected, system will auto generate a batch ID during WIP Release. The WIPs released will be grouped under this batch ID<br />Batch ID generated follows the format as configured in <a href="WIP-Release-29918614.html">Customer Maintenance</a>'s Configuration Options tab</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Existing Batch ID</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p><span>If this option is selected, user is required to manually select an existing batch. The<span> WIPs released will be grouped under this batch ID.<br />Only batch associated to the selected customer is available for user selection </span></span></p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Order</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">If "Release Without Order" is unchecked, user is required to select an order. <span>The</span><span> WIPs released will be associated to this order</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">BOM</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span><span>WIP released will be for this BOM</span><br />If "Release Without Order" is checked, user is required to select a BOM<br /><span>If "Release Without Order" is unchecked, the BOM will be auto populated once the order number is selected</span></span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Material</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">WIP released will be for this material. Material will be auto-populated according to the BOM selected</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Description</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The description of the material</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Order Type</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Currently, WIP can be released for Planned Order only</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Release Type</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>Except for WIP Release Type "NA" and "Progression Serial Number", WIP can be released for the following WIP Release Types</p><ul><li>Generate Serial Number</li><li>Assigned Serial Number</li><li>Temporary Serial Number</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Product Family</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Product family will be auto populated according to the material</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Customer</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Customer will be auto populated according to the material</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Division</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Division family will be auto populated according to the material</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Batch</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">WIP released will be grouped under this batch. Refer to "Auto Batch ID" and "Existing Batch ID" fields above</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Build Quantity</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Displays the quantity to build as called for by the planned order</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Release Quantity</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Displays the quantity of WIP to release. If quantity specified is 10, system will create 10 WIP IDs. <br />System will return an error if the release quantity specified exceeds the build quantity or exceeds the batch maximum quantity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Route/Version</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">User is required to select the route/version to release the WIP. The WIP will be released to the first step of the specified route/version. <p>Only active routes are available for selection. New and Inactive routes are filtered out.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Released Quantity</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Displays the WIP that has already been released for the order and/or batch</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Remaining Quantity</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Displays the quantity of WIP that can still be released for the order and/or batch</span></td></tr></tbody></table>









