# Introduction

Sample List View is considered as a main list that allowed user to view the sample information and historical data. An authorized user will have permission to edit the sample information.


### How to get there?



::: mermaid
graph LR
A("SAMPLE MANAGEMENT ")-->0("SAMPLE List View")

:::


#### **Permission ( Ifactory.SMS)** 



- Sample List View


- Can Edit Sample Info


- Can Copy Sample Info


- Can Export Sample Info

- Can Cancel Sample Number

- Can Reassign sample number

- Can print label

- Can perform bulk update via template

- Can perform manual insert task
**Screen Activity** 
This screen enables user to perform the following activity:

- Edit , Copy , Export , Cancel ，bulk update and Reassign records

- Manual Insert Task

- View sample information and historical data

- Filter the sample (
Sample Status will be in dropdown list ; PLM link ,Historical data, Signee and Approver can be viewed via icon.)


#### **Pre-condition**  


The following need to be submitted before using this screen

- Sample application form


#### **Screen Dependency** 


The following screen(s) has dependency with Sample List View.

- Sample Distribution

- Sample Reception

- Routine Checkup List

- Pending Task

- Completed Task

- Overdue Task


#### **Screen Specification** 



- User is able to view all the sample based on the assigned projects regardless of logged-on customer/division in Sample List view


- User is able to view all the sample number regardless of any status in Sample List View.

- Edit Sample Information :

- Allow authorized user to filter the sample number with the same project and product group.

- Allow user to perform
edit / bulk edit information tothe selected sample number Except sample number with "Invalid" sample status.
- The fields can be edited as below.

- Project , Applicative Phase , Process , Sample Type , Description, PLM links, Revision ,Model , Sample Location ,Creation date , Validity Date , Group Code, Part Number, Comment ,Sample Status, Signee, Approver, Process Step, Manufacturing Area, Department Owner, Remark, Specification, Storage Condition ,Transfer To ,Transferred Date ,Transfer From ,Receiving Date


- Department Owner, Department , Receipted date will be disabled for editing if task status = Pending Distribution.

- If there is change on project , then user needs to provide remark.

- View Historical data:

- Historical data can be viewed from the list view or sample information via the icon button.

- Historical data show the following information which captured from each of the task type during execution.

<table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><colgroup><col /><col /></colgroup><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh"><p><strong><span style="color: black;">Field</span></strong></p></th><th class="confluenceTh"><p><strong><span style="color: black;">Description</span></strong></p></th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><span style="color: black;">Sample Number</span></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: black;">The selected sample number</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><span style="color: black;">Task Type</span></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: black;">When the first notification gets triggered then the task type will be showing here.</span></li><li><span style="color: black;">Routine Checkup, EOL Review, Expired Review, Routine Review , Phase change Review , Q&E Review</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><span style="color: black;">Task Due Date</span></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: black;">Show the due date based on Task Type</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><span style="color: black;">Last executed datetime</span></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: black;">The task's last executed datetime</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><span style="color: black;">Executed by</span></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: black;">Who executed the task</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><span style="color: black;">Sample Status</span></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: black;">Sample status provided during task review</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p><span style="color: black;">Comments</span></p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: black;">Comment provided during task review</span></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>


- **If the task hasn't executed then there is no last executed datetime, executed by , sample status and comments will show.**


- Reassign Department owner:

- Authorized user is allowed to filter the sample number and perform reassign department owner to the selected sample number.

- Only Department Owner field can be edited if user clicked on reassign.

- The latest modified sample number will always show at the top

- This screen is support pagination

- Authorized user is allowed to cancel the sample number after submission.

- Once cancelled ,system should update the sample status as " Invalid" and task status as " Skipped"

- This sample number no longer can be used.

- User is allowed to copy sample information to create new sample form or sub-sample

.<table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><colgroup><col /><col /></colgroup><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Options </th><th class="confluenceTh">Description </th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><span><em>create sample form</em></span></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>System will create a new sample form by copying the sample number information below and user need to provide the quantity</span></p><ul><li><span>Project , Project phase , Applicative phase , lifetime , product , process , sample type , description , PLM links ,revision , model , sample location , creation date , validity date , review frequency , group code, serial number, part number ,Signee , Approver</span></li><li><span>User is allowed to edit the copied information.</span></li><li><span>User need to provide the quantity for generating sample number.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><span><em>create sub-sample</em></span></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p><span>System will create sub-sample by copying the sample ID information depending on the provided quantity .</span></p><ul><li>Only allow user to create sub-sample from the original sample ID not sub-sample ID.</li><li><span>User need to provide the quantity for creating number of sub-sample from the original sample ID.</span></li><li>All the sample information will be copied into sub-sample and only some fields are allowed to do modification such as PLM link , Serial Number , Signee and Approver.</li><li>Creation date will be displayed the copied date.</li><li>Sub-sample ID format <ol><li>Append CP+ running number to the original sample ID</li><li>Running number is in 2 digits and start from 01 </li><li>Running number is depending on the provided quantity .E.g : Original Sample ID is <span>WXIMET-Mosc-Mol-Cu-00001-01 and copied quantity is 2 then there will be 2 sub-sample ID . 1. WXIMET-Mosc-Mol-Cu-00001-01cp01 2. WXIMET-Mosc-Mol-Cu-00001-01cp02</span></li><li>System will update the sub-sample's sample status as " Approved".</li><li>System will update the sub-sample's task status as " Pending for distribution".</li></ol></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>


- User is allowed to export the selected sample number from list and bulk update via template to the system.


- User is allowed to print label for the selected sample number by clicking the print button regardless of the task status and sample status.

- Once clicked on print button, allow user to

- Select printer  ( lookup to Printer Maintenance . Only display active printer and without resource configured )

- Select document( lookup to document maintenance) .

- Fill in how many copies to print.

- It is support data prompt
if the selected Document is configured with Data prompt field type. ( Note : Multiple sample number can share the same Data Prompt data .)
- Before printing , user is allowed to edit the data prompt's data.

- Once user clicked on the sample number , then it will show all the details below.

- Trigger Q &E task :

- Authorized user is allowed to trigger Q&E review task for the selected sample number.

- User needs to filter the sample number with same project then only able to trigger Q&E task.

- Need to provide Target Completion Date & Reason then confirm the data for Q&E task triggering.

- If user select current date , then system will insert the task immediately and trigger escalation level 1 email for Q&E task type.

- Q&E task triggering not applicable for sample with status = LOST/SCRAP/INVALID.


#### **Fields** 



<table class="relative-table wrapped confluenceTable" style="width: 99.9305%;"><colgroup><col style="width: 10.5054%;" /><col style="width: 89.5077%;" /></colgroup><tbody><tr><td class="highlight confluenceTd" style="text-align: left;"><strong>Fields</strong></td><td class="highlight confluenceTd" style="text-align: left;"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd">Project </td><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd"><p>The project that sample will associate to.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>The value for selection is displayed based <span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">the assigned projects regardless of logged-on customer/division in Sample List view.</span></span></li><li>Data from project phase maintenance</li><li>Authorized user is allowed to change project if  the sample status = In-user / Suspected/ Seal<ul><li>Once sample has changed the project , then updated task status ="pending distribution" and sample status =" Approved".</li><li>All 'Pending Routine Checkup/Routine Review/EOL review/phase change review/QE review' tasks will be removed.</li><li>If the task already have 'Overdue or Completed - Routine Checkup/Routine Review/EOL review/phase change review/QE review', then it will be moved to historical data.</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd">Phase</td><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd"><p>The phase that project currently at.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>Auto populated based on the selected project.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Applicative Phase</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The applicative phase that determine if the sample not required to perform expired and Q&E review.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>If this field is checked, then this sample form will be excluded from phase change review and expired review.</span></li><li><span>The validity date will be disabled if this check box is checked.</span></li><li>This field will display as GENERAL if the checkbox is checked else display as blank in the list view.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">EOL date </td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The EOL date that project will be end of life and it is EOL review due date.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>Auto populated based on the selected project.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Product Group</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The product group that associate to the project.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>Auto populated based on the selected project.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Process</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The process that sample will associate to.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>Show only active process for selection.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Sample Type</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The sample type that sample belongs to.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Description</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The description that determine which defect that sample has.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">PLM Link</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The PLM link that can access to Sample's documents.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Revision</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Revision that sample belongs to.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>Only support Alphabet (A-Z)</span></li><li><span>Maximum 2 alphabets</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Model</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Model that sample belongs to.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>The selection is based on the selected product group.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Quantity</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Quantity that require to generate the number of sample number.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>Only accept numeric</span></li><li><span>Minimum is 1 and maximum is 1000</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Part Number</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Part Number that sample belongs to.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>Show all the part number regardless of status</span></li><li>Part number is from ifactory configuration and no filtering based on data partition, project and product group</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Product Name</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The given name to the product.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Serial Number</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Serial Number of the sample that sample number will associate to.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>Allow user to scan/insert serial number based on the quantity filled by user.</span></li><li><span>System will auto matches the inserted serial number to the generated sample number randomly.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Sample Location</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Sample Location that defect located at Sample.</p></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Creation Date</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Creation date that sample accepted from external party. </p></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Validity Date</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The Validity date that sample will be expired and it is expired review due date.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Group Code</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Group Code that sample belongs to. </p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>Group Code format = Plant code + Project + sample type + sequence number</span></li><li><span>The list will list based on the selected project, sample type ,logged -on site and description.</span></li><li><span>New group code will be created with sequence number 000001 for new sample application form. </span></li><li><span>If there is group code selected then sequence number will be remaining the same.</span></li><li><span>if there is no group code selected , then new group code will be created with sequence number increased count 1.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Signee</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Signee who signed the sample application.</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>When "manual input" turn off, the list of available users based on the logged-on data partition .</span></li><li><span>When "manual input" turn on, supoort  for Chinese/English ,transverse line, underline,sapce .</span></li><li><span>Maximum 10 usernames is allowed.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Approver</td><td style="text-align: left;" colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Approver who approve the sample application</p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><span>The list of available users based on the logged-on data partition</span></li><li><span>Maximum 10 usernames is allowed.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Department Owner </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Department Owner who is accepted the assigned sample and need to perform routine checkup based on the defined frequency.</p><ul><li>Only one department owner for a sample number.</li><li>Will receive email notification.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Department </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The department that department owner belongs to.</p><ul><li>Auto populated based on the selected department owner.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Receipted date </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The date that department owner accepted the sample.</p><ul><li>Generated by system.</li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Process Step</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The sample is assigned to which process step by department owner.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Manufacturing Area </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The sample is assigned to which Manufacturing area by department owner.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Building</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The sample is assigned to which building by department owner.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Floor</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The sample is assigned to which floor by department owner.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Production Area</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The sample is assigned to which Production area by department owner.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Sample Status</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>Sample status is changed based on the condition below :</p><div class="table-wrap"><table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Process Flow</th><th class="confluenceTh">Scenario</th><th class="confluenceTh">Task Status </th><th class="confluenceTh">Sample Status </th></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Sample establishment</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Sample Application form - Application form in draft status</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. No status</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. No status</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Once the sample ID is generated after submission</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Pending distribution</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Approved</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. If SME cancel the sample ID</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Skipped</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Invalid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2" class="confluenceTd">Distributing</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Yet to distribute to department owner and withdraw the distribution</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Distribution</td><td rowspan="2" class="confluenceTd">Approved</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Yet to accept by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Pending Reception</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Receipt Confirmation</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Yet to accept by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Reception</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Approved</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Accepted by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Receipted</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Rejected by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Rejected Reception</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.Approved</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Routine Check up</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Notification trigger and not yet start routine checkup</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Pending routine check-up</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. In Use /SEAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>2. Completed routine checkup by updating the sample status</p><ul><li>If the sample is suspected then task status pending Q&E Review ( Q&E Task Type)</li><li>If the sample is lost then update as Lost</li><li>If the sample is still around then update as IN-USE/ SEAL</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Completed check-up</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 Lost <br />2.2 Suspected → Q&E <br />2.3 IN-USE or SEAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Didn't perform routine checkup on time and it is overdue</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.Routine check-up  Overdue</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. IN-USE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">EOL Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. After reminder , before EOL due date, sample status  = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Pending EOL review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. After reminder, before EOL due date , user need to review and decide. <br />2.1 if EOL extended ,sample status = IN USE<br />2.2 If not extended EOL date, proceed to scrap or seal</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Completed EOL review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. 1 In Use<br />2.2 In Use--->Scrap OR In Use--->Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder , but user didn't review by EOL due date , then sample status changed to EOL </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. EOL review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. EOL </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Expired Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the expired due date , the sample status = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Expired Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before expired due data , the task owner need to review and decide <br />2.1 If still required to continue usage , extend the validity date and the sample status = IN USE  <br />2.2 If still required to continue usage , but not extending the validity date ,it is required to replace the old sample with new sample , then proceed to process A<br />2.3 Not required for usage after expired , then proceed to scrap or seal.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Expired Review </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 In Use<br />2.2 In Use--->Scrap or  In Use---> Seal<br />2.3 In Use--->Scrap or  In Use->Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder and it is overdue , the task owner didn't review the sample , the sample status = expired .</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Expired review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Expired </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Routine Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the routine review due date , Sample status = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending for Routine Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After  reminder , before the routine review due date , the task owner need to review and decide <br />2.1 Sample is OK , continue usage: sample status = IN -USE<br />2.2 Sample is NG,  but the sample still require for usage , need to apply a new sample to replace the old sample then proceed to replace the sample number.<br />2.3 Sample is  NG, and not required for usage , then proceed to scrap or seal</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Routine Review </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 In Use<br />2.2 NG--->Scrap or  NG--->Seal<br />2.3 NG--->Scrap or  NG--->Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder and it is overdue ,task owner didn't review the sample , the sample status = Suspected.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Routine review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Suspected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Phase change review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the phase change review due date , sample status = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Phase Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before phase change review due date , task owner need to review and decide<br />2.1 if sample can be continued usage in new phase , sample status = IN USE<br />2.2If sample not required in new phase , sample will proceed to scrap or seal</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Phase Review </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 In Use<br />2.2 In Use--->Scrap or  In Use---> Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. If task overdue phase change effective date and no review done , then sample status change to Suspected</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Phase review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Suspected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Q&E review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before Q&E target completion date , sample status = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Q&E Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before Q&E target completion date , task owner need to review and decide.<br />2.1if sample is ok for usage , then sample status = IN USE<br />2.2If sample not ok for usage , then sample will proceed to scrap or seal.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Q&E Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 In Use<br />2.2 In Use--->Scrap or  In Use---> Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.If task is overdue Q&E target completion date and no review done , then sample status change to suspected.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Q&E review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Suspected</td></tr></tbody></table></div><p class="auto-cursor-target">The sample number row will be changed based on sample status as well.</p><div class="table-wrap"><table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Sample Status </th><th class="confluenceTh">Row Color </th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">Lost</td><td class="confluenceTd">Red</td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">Suspected</td><td class="confluenceTd">Yellow</td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">EOL</td><td class="confluenceTd">Red</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Expired </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Yellow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Seal</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Grey</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Scrap</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Grey</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">NG</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Red</td></tr></tbody></table></div><ul><li><span>User is not allowed to update sample status if it is Approved or Invalid sample status.</span></li><li><span>Sample number only has one sample status.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Task status </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p><span>One sample number can have multiple task status after Receipt confirmation.</span></p><ul><li><span>Task status will be shown in table view and always display the latest task status for each task type if the task get initiated.</span></li><ul><li><span>If pending or overdue task , then it wouldn't show the last executed date , next due date and comment.</span></li><li><p class="auto-cursor-target"><span>If completed task , then it will show the last executed date , next due date and comment.</span></p><div class="table-wrap"><table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Process Flow</th><th class="confluenceTh">Scenario</th><th class="confluenceTh">Task Status </th></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Sample establishment</td><td class="confluenceTd">1.Sample Application form - Application form in draft status</td><td class="confluenceTd">1. No status</td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">2.Once the sample ID is generated after submission</td><td class="confluenceTd">2. Pending distribution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. If SME cancel the sample ID</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Skipped</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2" class="confluenceTd">Distributing </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Yet to distribute to department owner and withdraw the distribution</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Distribution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Yet to accept by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Pending Reception</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Receipt Confirmation</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Yet to accept by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Reception</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Accepted by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Receipted</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Rejected by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Rejected Reception</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Routine Check up</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Notification trigger and not yet start routine checkup</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Pending routine check-up</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>2. Completed routine checkup by updating the sample status</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Completed check-up</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Didn't perform routine checkup on time and it is overdue</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.Routine check-up  Overdue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">EOL Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. After reminder , before EOL due date.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Pending EOL review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. After reminder, before EOL due date , user has completed the review </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Completed EOL review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder , but user didn't review by EOL due date.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. EOL review Overdue </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Expired Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the expired due date.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Expired Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. .After reminder , before expired due data , the task owner has completed the review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Expired Review </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder and it is overdue , the task owner didn't review the sample </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Expired review Overdue </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Routine Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the routine review due date </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending for Routine Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After  reminder , before the routine review due date , the task owner has completed the review.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Routine Review </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder and it is overdue ,task owner didn't review the sample </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Routine review Overdue </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Phase change review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the phase change review due date .</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Phase Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before phase change review due date , task owner has completed the review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Phase Review </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. If task overdue phase change effective date and no review done .</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Phase review Overdue </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Q&E Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before Q&E target completion date .</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Q&E Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before Q&E target completion date , task owner has completed the review.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Q&E Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.If task is overdue Q&E target completion date and no review done.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Q&E review Overdue </td></tr></tbody></table></div></li></ul></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Last Executed date </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The date that task owner / department owner last executed their task.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Next Due Date</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The date that task owner/department owner need to execute their task in next round.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Comment</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Comment that provided by task owner/department owner during their review.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Remark </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Remark of the sample number that provided by user.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Specification</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Specification of sample number.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Storage Condition</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Storage condition of sample number.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Transfer to</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Where this sample number transfer to.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Transferred from</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Where this sample number transferred from</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Transferred date</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">When this sample number transferred out.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Received date </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">When this sample number received from other site.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Replaced by Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The new sample number that replaced the existing sample number due to the sample condition is NG or OLD.</td></tr></tbody></table>

<table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Process Flow</th><th class="confluenceTh">Scenario</th><th class="confluenceTh">Task Status </th><th class="confluenceTh">Sample Status </th></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Sample establishment</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Sample Application form - Application form in draft status</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. No status</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. No status</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Once the sample ID is generated after submission</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Pending distribution</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Approved</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. If SME cancel the sample ID</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Skipped</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Invalid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2" class="confluenceTd">Distributing</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Yet to distribute to department owner and withdraw the distribution</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Distribution</td><td rowspan="2" class="confluenceTd">Approved</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Yet to accept by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Pending Reception</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Receipt Confirmation</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Yet to accept by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Reception</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Approved</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Accepted by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Receipted</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Rejected by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Rejected Reception</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.Approved</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Routine Check up</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Notification trigger and not yet start routine checkup</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Pending routine check-up</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. In Use /SEAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>2. Completed routine checkup by updating the sample status</p><ul><li>If the sample is suspected then task status pending Q&E Review ( Q&E Task Type)</li><li>If the sample is lost then update as Lost</li><li>If the sample is still around then update as IN-USE/ SEAL</li></ul></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Completed check-up</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 Lost <br />2.2 Suspected → Q&E <br />2.3 IN-USE or SEAL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Didn't perform routine checkup on time and it is overdue</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.Routine check-up  Overdue</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. IN-USE</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">EOL Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. After reminder , before EOL due date, sample status  = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Pending EOL review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. After reminder, before EOL due date , user need to review and decide. <br />2.1 if EOL extended ,sample status = IN USE<br />2.2 If not extended EOL date, proceed to scrap or seal</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Completed EOL review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. 1 In Use<br />2.2 In Use--->Scrap OR In Use--->Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder , but user didn't review by EOL due date , then sample status changed to EOL </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. EOL review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. EOL </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Expired Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the expired due date , the sample status = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Expired Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before expired due data , the task owner need to review and decide <br />2.1 If still required to continue usage , extend the validity date and the sample status = IN USE  <br />2.2 If still required to continue usage , but not extending the validity date ,it is required to replace the old sample with new sample , then proceed to process A<br />2.3 Not required for usage after expired , then proceed to scrap or seal.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Expired Review </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 In Use<br />2.2 In Use--->Scrap or  In Use---> Seal<br />2.3 In Use--->Scrap or  In Use->Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder and it is overdue , the task owner didn't review the sample , the sample status = expired .</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Expired review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Expired </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Routine Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the routine review due date , Sample status = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending for Routine Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After  reminder , before the routine review due date , the task owner need to review and decide <br />2.1 Sample is OK , continue usage: sample status = IN -USE<br />2.2 Sample is NG,  but the sample still require for usage , need to apply a new sample to replace the old sample then proceed to replace the sample number.<br />2.3 Sample is  NG, and not required for usage , then proceed to scrap or seal</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Routine Review </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 In Use<br />2.2 NG--->Scrap or  NG--->Seal<br />2.3 NG--->Scrap or  NG--->Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder and it is overdue ,task owner didn't review the sample , the sample status = Suspected.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Routine review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Suspected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Phase change review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the phase change review due date , sample status = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Phase Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before phase change review due date , task owner need to review and decide<br />2.1 if sample can be continued usage in new phase , sample status = IN USE<br />2.2If sample not required in new phase , sample will proceed to scrap or seal</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Phase Review </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 In Use<br />2.2 In Use--->Scrap or  In Use---> Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. If task overdue phase change effective date and no review done , then sample status change to Suspected</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Phase review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Suspected</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Q&E review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before Q&E target completion date , sample status = IN USE</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Q&E Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. In Use</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before Q&E target completion date , task owner need to review and decide.<br />2.1if sample is ok for usage , then sample status = IN USE<br />2.2If sample not ok for usage , then sample will proceed to scrap or seal.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Q&E Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.1 In Use<br />2.2 In Use--->Scrap or  In Use---> Seal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.If task is overdue Q&E target completion date and no review done , then sample status change to suspected.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Q&E review Overdue </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Suspected</td></tr></tbody></table>























- The sample number row will be changed based on sample status as well.

<table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Sample Status </th><th class="confluenceTh">Row Color </th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">Lost</td><td class="confluenceTd">Red</td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">Suspected</td><td class="confluenceTd">Yellow</td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">EOL</td><td class="confluenceTd">Red</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Expired </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Yellow</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Seal</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Grey</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Scrap</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Grey</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">NG</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Red</td></tr></tbody></table>


- User is not allowed to update sample status if it is Approved or Invalid sample status.

- Sample number only has one sample status.
Task status One sample number can have multiple task status after Receipt confirmation.

- Task status will be shown in table view and always display the latest task status for each task type if the task get initiated.

- If pending or overdue task , then it wouldn't show the last executed date , next due date and comment.

- If completed task , then it will show the last executed date , next due date and comment.

<table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Process Flow</th><th class="confluenceTh">Scenario</th><th class="confluenceTh">Task Status </th></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Sample establishment</td><td class="confluenceTd">1.Sample Application form - Application form in draft status</td><td class="confluenceTd">1. No status</td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">2.Once the sample ID is generated after submission</td><td class="confluenceTd">2. Pending distribution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. If SME cancel the sample ID</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Skipped</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2" class="confluenceTd">Distributing </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Yet to distribute to department owner and withdraw the distribution</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Distribution</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Yet to accept by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Pending Reception</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Receipt Confirmation</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Yet to accept by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Reception</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Accepted by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Receipted</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Rejected by department owner</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Rejected Reception</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Routine Check up</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Notification trigger and not yet start routine checkup</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Pending routine check-up</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>2. Completed routine checkup by updating the sample status</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Completed check-up</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Didn't perform routine checkup on time and it is overdue</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.Routine check-up  Overdue</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">EOL Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. After reminder , before EOL due date.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.Pending EOL review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. After reminder, before EOL due date , user has completed the review </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.Completed EOL review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder , but user didn't review by EOL due date.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. EOL review Overdue </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Expired Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the expired due date.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Expired Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. .After reminder , before expired due data , the task owner has completed the review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Expired Review </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder and it is overdue , the task owner didn't review the sample </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Expired review Overdue </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Routine Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the routine review due date </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending for Routine Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After  reminder , before the routine review due date , the task owner has completed the review.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Routine Review </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. After reminder and it is overdue ,task owner didn't review the sample </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Routine review Overdue </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Phase change review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before the phase change review due date .</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Phase Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before phase change review due date , task owner has completed the review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Phase Review </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. If task overdue phase change effective date and no review done .</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Phase review Overdue </td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" class="confluenceTd">Q&E Review</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1.After reminder , before Q&E target completion date .</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">1. Pending Q&E Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2.After reminder , before Q&E target completion date , task owner has completed the review.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">2. Completed Q&E Review</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3.If task is overdue Q&E target completion date and no review done.</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">3. Q&E review Overdue </td></tr></tbody></table>

Last Executed date 
The date that task owner / department owner last executed their task.Next Due DateThe date that task owner/department owner need to execute their task in next round.CommentComment that provided by task owner/department owner during their review.Remark Remark of the sample number that provided by user.SpecificationSpecification of sample number.Storage ConditionStorage condition of sample number.Transfer toWhere this sample number transfer to.Transferred fromWhere this sample number transferred fromTransferred dateWhen this sample number transferred out.Received date When this sample number received from other site.Replaced by Sample NumberThe new sample number that replaced the existing sample number due to the sample condition is NG or OLD.

#### Export and Update via Template 


Bulk export and update is allowed user to bulk export and update sample information by using excel. This function is controlled by permission and if no permission granted for this function then this function will not be appeared on screen. If the permission granted then user will see the Bulk export and update function when first load the Sample List View screen. The information in the bulk update file will be validating based on logged in data partition. 
<table class="wrapped confluenceTable"><colgroup><col /><col /></colgroup><thead><tr><th style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTh"><p>Item </p></th><th style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTh"><p>Description </p></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Export </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li>User is allowed to select sample number then export the sample information in excel.<ul><li>Multiple Signee and Approver will be exported in email and split by (;).</li><li><span>PLM name and PLN link is split by (,) , multiple PLM Name is split by (;) when export out.</span></li><li><span>Multiple Task Status should split by (;) when export out.</span></li><li><span>Multiple comments should split by (;) when export out.</span></li><li>The department owner will be exported in email.</li></ul></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd"><span style="color: rgb(23,43,77);">Choose File</span></td><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: rgb(23,43,77);">Allow user to select file with .xlsx format</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Upload Template</span></td><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Pre-defined template must be used for upload the configuration. </span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Field that available in the template as below </span><ul><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Project ( Mandatory - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Phase ( Mandatory- String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Applicative Phase ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">EOL Date ( Mandatory - Date)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Product group( Mandatory - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Process ( Mandatory - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Sample Type (Mandatory - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Description (Mandatory -String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">PLM Link ( optional -String) </span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Revision (Mandatory -String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Model (Mandatory - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Sample Location ( Optional -String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Creation Date (Mandatory -Date)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Validity Date  (Mandatory -Date)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Group Code ( Optional -String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Sample Number ( Mandatory - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">SN (Optional -String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Part Number (Optional -String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Product Name ( Optional -String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Task Status (Mandatory - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Comments ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Sample Status  (Mandatory -String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Signee (Mandatory -Email or username)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Approver (Mandatory -Email)  </span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Process Step ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Manufacturing Area ( Optional -String)<br /></span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Building ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Floor ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Production Area ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Department Owner ( Optional -Email)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Department ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Receipt Date ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Transfer To ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Transferred Date( Optional - Date)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Transfer From ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Receiving Date ( Optional -Date)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Remark ( Optional - String; Mandatory if project changed)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Storage condition ( Optional - String)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Specification ( Optional - String)</span></li></ul></li><li><p><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">For multiple signee and approver, user need to split them by  semicolon (; ).</span></p></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">For multiple PLM link , PLM name and URL link is split by (,) , multiple PLM Name is split by (;)</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">When upload internal staff by email, system will be able to display username , employee ID and email for Signee ;When upload  external personnel by username, system will be able to display username. Approver and Department Owner at the front end by using email .</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Comments for each task status need to be split by (;) and follow the task status sequence.</span></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Update</span></td><td style="text-align: left;" class="confluenceTd"><ul><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">This bulk update only support updating not supporting adding or deleting.</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">System will validate each line item when processing bulk update based on the implemented validation at UI.</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">System will check if all mandatory fields' values for each line item are provided.</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">System needs to validate if there is changes to task status , Sample number and Serial Number (SN) then not allowing the update</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">If there is any error in the file, system will continue upload the pass data but stop uploading the failed data.</span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">System will create an output file and auto download from the browser, with same file name and adding extension .out before the file extension (if input file is X.csv, the output file will be X.out.csv)</span><ul><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">The file will replicate the same line of source file, plus an additional column with the processed result. </span></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">For the error sample data, the system will write the error.</span></li></ul></li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);"> When the process is completed, the system will show a toaster message with the information if the file is loaded without error then prompt message:” File processed successful” OR with error then prompt message: “Upload failed, please check output file”.</span></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table>



- System will check if all mandatory fields’ values for each line item are provided.


- System needs to validate if there is changes to task status , Sample number and Serial Number (SN) then not allowing the update


- If there is any error in the file, system will continue upload the pass data but stop uploading the failed data.


- System will create an output file and auto download from the browser, with same file name and adding extension .out before the file extension (if input file is X.csv, the output file will be X.out.csv)


- The file will replicate the same line of source file, plus an additional column with the processed result.


- For the error sample data, the system will write the error.


- When the process is completed, the system will show a toaster message with the information if the file is loaded without error then prompt message:” File processed successful” OR with error then prompt message: “Upload failed, please check output file”.



### Manual Insert Task


Manual insert task function is allowed user to insert multiple task type at anytime.
There are some conditions need to be met for inserting task manually.

- Need to filtered by the same project , product group , sample type and sample status .

- Sample must be accepted by department owner.

- Project , Sample Type , product group and task type configured in Daily Management Plan.

- Sample with Completed or Receipted task status .

- Sample status not equal to LOST , INVALID , SCRAP . EOL , Expired , and Approved

- Sample status=SUSPECTED /INUSE/ SEAL , the task only insert for pending routine checkup / Routine checkup overdue in Routine Checkup List.

- Sample status = SUSPECTED /INUSE/TBR , will insert pending/overdue routine review  in Pending Task/Overdue Task, only insert pending task for EOL, expired, Q&E , Phase change review in Pending Task.
Even if the task is inserted earlier ,

- it will be based on the existing due date.

- it will trigger only the escalation before due date , escalation if task overdue , and recurrence pattern escalation email.
If the task is completed earlier than the predefined due date , then system should always insert the next task based on the last executed datetime OR 
latestdue date.For multiple sample numbers selected , system will validate it one by one . I
f one of the sample number not pass the validation , then none of the task type can be inserted for the all samples.
