# Introduction

The iFactory API is a web-service that allows any third party application to retrieve information from and call functions to IFactory Manufacturing Suite. The third party application can then replace a standard IFactory Manufacturing Suite station to execute any process of its design while still be able to integrate itself into the overall manufacturing process seamlessly within the IFactory Manufacturing Suite.
There are 2 main types of functions in iFactory API. 
The OData functions and the API functions. 
The OData functions are used to retrieve all kinds of information regarding all types of objects from iFactory system. It uses the OData model which allows user to configure their query to retrieve only information that is useful for their particular process. These functions are accessed via the port number 2010. E.g. 
[http://[servername]:2010/odata/customers](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/iFactory-API/Retrieve-Customers.md). For more information on how to build the OData query, kindly refer to [http://www.odata.org/getting-started/basic-tutorial/](iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/iFactory-API.md).The API functions involves all kinds of functions that add, modify or delete certain data in the iFactory system. It also includes some retrieval functions that involves predefined logic that goes beyond the typical data retrieve directly from the database tables. These functions require user to provide very specific parameters in order to maintain the accuracy of the functions. These functions are accessed via the port number 2001. 
E.g. [http://[servername]:2001/api/uniqueproductdata](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/iFactory-API/Retrieve-Customers.md)