# Introduction


Resource Setup Sheets are the recipe/instruction used by SMT resources to perform SMT placement. Setup sheet is attached to a resource and contains information about the quantity and location to place materials on the WIP. 

User is required to configure the data in the setup sheet's General tab first. To prevent user from adding multiple BOMs in one setup sheet, Manufacturing Area, Route, Route Step, Resource and BOM fields in the General tab will become read only upon save. Once the configuration in General tab is saved, the Detail tab will be activated for the user. 
How to get there?
::: mermaid
graph LR
A("CONFIGURATION")-->0("PART ALLOCATION")
0-->1("SETUP SHEET")

:::

**Precondition** 
The following items need to be pre-configured to create a new setup sheet:

- [Manufacturing Area](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/Location/Manufacturing-Area.md)

- [Resource](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/Resource/Resources-Maintenance.md)

- [Route](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/Routing/Route.md)

- [Route Step](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/Routing/Route-Step.md)

- [BOM](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/Product/Bill-Of-Material-%2D-BOM/Bill-Of-Material-%2D-BOM-(legacy).md)




### Screen Activity


Resource Setup Sheet Maintenance enables user to perform the following activity:

- Create, view, update and delete setup sheet

- Activate or deactivate setup sheet

- Make the setup sheet exportable for SAP pull list




#### Screen Dependency


The following screen(s) has direct dependency with resource setup sheet

- *[Resource Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/Resource.md)*

- *[Route Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/Routing/Route.md)*

- *[BOM Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/Product/Bill-Of-Material-%2D-BOM/Bill-Of-Material-%2D-BOM-(legacy).md)*


Fields<table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><td colspan="2" class="confluenceTd"><h5 style="text-align: center;" id="ResourceSetupSheet-GeneralTab"><strong>General Tab</strong></h5></td></tr><tr><td class="highlight confluenceTd"><p><strong>Field</strong></p></td><td class="highlight confluenceTd"><p><strong>Description</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p>Setup Sheet Name</p></td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>The unique name given to the setup sheet</p></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">Version</td><td class="confluenceTd"><span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Version of the setup sheet. The setup sheet version is controlled by the system and user can upgrade the version by clicking the "Upgrade Version" button.</span><br /><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">If the setup sheet has been used in production and has WIP associated to it, no modification is allowed on the setup sheet. User will need to upgrade the setup sheet's version if any modification is required. </span></span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Resource Name</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p><span style="color: rgb(51,51,51);">The name of the equipment. It is set by the user or automatically by system when user import Equipment setup sheet details. Resource Name and Resource in Linkage section may be different. </span><br /><span style="color: rgb(51,51,51);">Example: Resource "SMT" is used in double pass line. To differentiate top & bottom assembly, two Resource Names are given to the SMT resource: "SMT-Top" & "SMT-Bottom".</span></p><span style="color: rgb(51,51,51);">This field is included in the SAP Pull List extract</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Program Name</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The name of the program/recipe used by the resource</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Comments</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Additional information for the setup sheet can be entered here</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Load Date</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The date and time stamp captured when the setup sheet is created/modified. Setup Sheet cannot be modified after it has been used in production. <br />Therefore, the Load Date is the last date/time the setup sheet is saved before its usage in production</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Manufacturing Area</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The manufacturing area where this setup sheet will be used. System will only display Manufacturing Area that is "Active" and not flagged as "Is Offline".<br />This field will become read-only once the General tab configuration is saved.  </p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Route</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>The route step where the setup sheet will be used. System will only display Route associated to the Manufacturing Area for user selection.<br /><span>This field will become read-only once the General tab configuration is saved.  </span> </span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Route Step</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The route step where the setup sheet will be used. <span>System will only display Route Step associated to the Route for user selection.<br /><span>This field will become read-only once the General tab configuration is saved.  </span> </span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Resource</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The resource that will be using this setup sheet. <span>System will only display Resource associated to the Route Step for user selection.<br /><span>This field will become read-only once the General tab configuration is saved.  </span> </span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">BOM</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The BOM for this setup sheet. Only components in the BOM will be displayed for configuration in the Details Tab. This field is included in the SAP Pull List extract. The BOM is filtered by BOM Type "Fixed", Status "Active" and where<span style="color: rgb(34,34,34);"> its top level material (FERT/HALB) is associated to the selected Route.</span></p><p><span style="color: rgb(34,34,34);">Example:</span><span style="color: rgb(34,34,34);"> </span></p><ul><li>In BOM Maintenance, BOM-123's top level material is Mat-123</li><li>In Route Maintenance, Mat-123 is associated to Route-Z. Route-Z contains RouteStep-YY</li><li>In Resource Setup Sheet Maintenance, user selects RouteStep-YY</li><li>When user searches the BOM, system shall only display all BOMs with top level material Mat-123. In this example, only display BOM-123<br /><br />This field will become read-only once the General tab configuration is saved.  </li></ul></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Setup Number</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>This is a manually configured field to help machine operator ensure they are using the right setup sheet and also helps to ease identification when creating setup groups <span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);">(TBD).<br /></span>Typical Setup Number format = "2 digit Line Number" + . + "2 digit Sequence fixed as 01 all the time"</p><p>Example: Setup Number = <strong><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">02.01<br /></span></strong>Bay/Line Number - <strong><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">02<br /></span></strong>Sequence - <strong><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">01</span></strong> (Always fixed to this number)</p><p>The setup number is fixed for all Resource Setup Sheets configured for the same material (FERT/HALB) running on the same route. <span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);"> </span>This field is included in the SAP Pull List extract</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">RF Display</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>By default, system will automatically populate this field based on the configured machine name, setup number and setup version. This field can also be manually modified. <br />RF Display format = “Machine Name” + “-” + “Setup Number” + “-” + “Setup Version”</p><p>Example: RF Display = <strong><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">137-05.01-1<br /></span></strong>Machine Name - <span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);"><strong>137</strong></span><br />Setup Number - <strong><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">05.01</span></strong><br />Setup Version - <strong><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">1</span></strong></p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Active flag</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">If enabled, the setup sheet is ready for use in production<br />If disabled, the setup sheet is still under configuration and not ready for use. This setup sheet will not be included in the export for SAP Pull List. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">SAP Pull List flag</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">If enabled, the setup sheet data will be extracted by scheduled jobs for SAP Pull List<br />If disabled, this setup sheet will not be included in export for SAP Pull List. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Is Locked flag</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">This flag is controlled by the system. If the setup sheet has been used in production, the "Is Locked" flag is enabled to signify no more changes is allowed for the setup sheet.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Upgrade Version button</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">This button will be activated when the "Is Locked" flag is enabled. When the setup sheet is locked & changes to the setup sheet is required, user is required to upgrade setup sheet's version. <br />The upgraded setup sheet will contain all the data in the old setup sheet but with the version increased by one.  </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Duplicate SAP Report</span></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Allows users to view any duplicate information created by setup sheet.<br />SAP cannot upload duplicate record from pull list export for the same material (FERT/HALB). If duplicate information exists, SAP fails to pick up the file. <br />SAP uploads only the first occurrence of the data and removes any subsequent occurrences. This report will display all the duplicate information that was removed<span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);">.</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" style="text-align: center;" class="confluenceTd"><h5 id="ResourceSetupSheet-DetailsTab">Details Tab</h5></td></tr><tr><td class="highlight confluenceTd" colspan="1">Field</td><td class="highlight confluenceTd" colspan="1">Description</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Module</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Indicate the Module number that will populate the materials as defined in the machine program</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Side</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Indicate the number of sides for the feeder bank</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Slot</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Value to identify physical position of a Feeder in the machine. This field is included in the SAP Pull List extract</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Track</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Value to identify physical sub-position of a Feeder in a Slot</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Feeder Type</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Feeder Type is used to add the physical feeder type storing the material. Example: 12 x 8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Media</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Media field is used to define the type of media storing the material. Example: Reel or Tray</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Material</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The actual material that will be placed into the WIP. This field is included in the SAP Pull List extract</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Description</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The description of the selected material</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">CRD Count</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The quantity count of CRDs configured in the slot. This is a system calculated field based on the configured CRD for the slot. This field is included in the SAP Pull List extract</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">CRDs</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The component reference designator specifying the location to place the material</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Unavailable</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Automatically filled by system when a there is a Deviation in the setup sheet.</span></span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Part Deviation</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Automatically filled by system when a there is a Part Deviation in the setup sheet.</span></span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Slot Deviation</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Automatically filled by system when a there is a Slot Deviation in the setup sheet.</span></span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Import</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>Button to start import process of a csv file that contains Resource Setup Sheet information. This button shall only be enabled after user filled up the Linkage section<span style="color: rgb(255,0,0);">.</span></p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Export</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>Button to generate a comma- separated (*.csv) file from Details section in setup sheet. If Details section is empty this button shall be disabled.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>


