# Introduction

The Batch Number Importer functionality provides the ability to create batch numbers 
without the need to use the 
[Batch Number Maintenance](/iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/General-Production/Batch.md)screen.<table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Field</th><th class="confluenceTh"><p>Description</p></th></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Customer</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Determines the customer scope of the data in the file to be imported.  The field is required.</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Material</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Determines the material scope of the data in the file to be imported.  The field is required if no assembly, revision, and version is present in the imported data file. If both material and assembly, revision, version are present in the imported data file then the value in the material field will be used.</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Assembly Number</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Optional field. When supplied the material will be determined based on the material associated to the <span>assembly, revision, and version <span>present in the imported data file.</span></span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Assembly Revision</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Optional field. When supplied the material will be determined based on the material associated to the </span><span>assembly, revision, and version present in the imported data file.</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Assembly Version</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Optional field. When supplied the material will be determined based on the material associated to the </span><span>assembly, revision, and version present in the imported data file.</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Batch Number</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Required field. When 'Batch Validation Mask' is enabled for the customer the value present in the imported data file must be valid for the configured validation mask.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Batch Status</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Optional field. Defaults to 'Active' when no value supplied in the imported data file. Valid values are blank (NULL), 'New', or 'Active'.</span></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Maximum Quantity</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span><span>Optional field. <span> Defaults to zero when not supplied which is the same as unlimited. </span></span>Value may not exceed 999,999 and must be a positive integer.</span></td></tr></tbody></table>

**Note:  Batch Scope is not a parameter that can be set on batch import.** 
The file format used by the batch number importer is 
[CSV](iFactory-JGP-MES/iFactory-JGP-MES-Home/iFactory-JGP-MS/CONTENT/Data-Importer/Batch-Number-Importer.md)(Comma Separated Values).  The fields in the table above will be listed from left to right in the order they appear.Below is a sample of what the file contents would look when importing a batch number to be created.  In this particular example only the assembly 
(
MGB18000120), revision (M), and
version (0) are being sent and the
mater
ial is not being sent (as indicated by the 2 commas in between the customer and assembly fields).APERTURE,,MGB18000120,M,0,ASB18000000001,Active,250
In the following example the material (GL-AD05) is being sent and the assembly, revision, and version fields are empty (as indicated by the 4 commas between the material and the batch number field).  
APERTURE,GL-AD05,,,,ASB02061800035,,30
**Note:  If any field contains a comma (,) the field will need to be encapsulated in double quotes to be processed by the data importer.  Example:  "APERTURE, SCIENCE".** 
If any field fails and is not able to be processed by the data importer it will not be processed and will be moved to the configured error folder for the Data Importer application.


