# Introduction

This rule verifies that the components assembled in a WIP at certain route step(s) matches exactly what is supposed to be assembled as captured in the WIP snapshot. System performs the match by comparing the material names, the hierarchy and the quantity of each material.
<table class="confluenceTable"><colgroup><col /><col /></colgroup><tbody><tr><td class="highlight confluenceTd"><a href="Pre-Start-Rules-29920004.html#PreStartRules-ApplicationScope">Application Scope</a></td><td class="confluenceTd">Customer + Product Family + Material/Plant Code</td></tr><tr><td class="highlight confluenceTd" colspan="1"><a href="Pre-Start-Rules-29920004.html#PreStartRules-BlankScope">Blank Scope Applies to all WIPs</a></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Yes</td></tr><tr><td class="highlight confluenceTd"><a href="Pre-Start-Rules-29920004.html#PreStartRules-ParamRel">Parameter Inter-relationship</a></td><td class="confluenceTd">Apply All</td></tr><tr><td class="highlight confluenceTd" colspan="2">Verification Parameters</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Route Step</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The route step in which to verify the assembled components versus the snapshot components. Components assembled in this route step would be matched against components that are snapshot to be assembled in this route step.</p><p>Leaving blank implies verifying all components regardless of which route step they are assembled in.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

**Sample Scenario 1:** 
At QC route step, user wishes to confirm that all components snapshot to be assembled at Assemble 1 and Assemble 2 has been assembled before they are allow to startfor WIP of material AAA-BB01.**Sample Configuration:**  
Configure the Pre-Start Rule at the QC route step with below parameters.<table style="margin-left: 30.0px;" class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Customer Name</th><th class="confluenceTh">Product Family</th><th class="confluenceTh">Material Name/Plant Code</th><th class="confluenceTh">Route Step</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><em>blank</em></td><td class="confluenceTd"><em>blank</em></td><td class="confluenceTd"><span>AAA-BB01</span></td><td class="confluenceTd">Assemble 1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><em>blank</em></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><em>blank</em></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>AAA-BB01</span></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Assemble 2</td></tr></tbody></table>

**Result:**  
This configuration will prevent WIP to be started at QC if the assembled components in Assemble 1 and 2 does not match the configuration snapshot.
**Sample Scenario 2:** 
At Final QC route step, user wished to confirm that all components are assembled as captured in configuration snapshot before they are allowed to perform the final process of the route for WIPs of all materials in the system disregarding even the customers that the materials belong to.**Sample Configuration:**  
Configure the Pre-Start Rule at the Final QC route step with below parameters.<table style="margin-left: 30.0px;" class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th class="confluenceTh">Customer Name</th><th class="confluenceTh">Product Family</th><th class="confluenceTh">Material Name/Plant Code</th><th class="confluenceTh">Route Step</th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"> <em>blank</em></td><td class="confluenceTd"> <em>blank</em></td><td class="confluenceTd"><em>blank</em></td><td class="confluenceTd"><em>blank</em></td></tr></tbody></table>

**Result:**  
This configuration will prevent WIP to be started at Final QC if any of the assembled components do not match those in the configuration snapshot, regardless of the route step they are assembled in.Note: Only work for BTO/CTO Process
