# Introduction


**Usage:** 
"$RESERVED_VariableName";


**Description:** The Phoenix Client ( Jabil Test with a Phoenix Wrapper ) has reserved variable that are used by the application. The Reserved Variables may be used generally in a read only mode. Some of these are used in Common to Jabil Test and Phoenix Client, others are specific to Phoenix. Caution only modify variable values where specificly permitted. 

<table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th colspan="3" class="confluenceTh"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">Commonly used variables:</span></th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable Type</strong></td><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$AbortFailMessage</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">This string variable is set to the Abort or Fail reason that was entered by a user after pressing the Record Abort or Record Failure button on the DAS panel. </td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">$CellNumber</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Integer</td><td class="confluenceTd">The current test cell # the script is executing in (1 - 99)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-AbortFunction</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Name of the function that will execute after script execution has been aborted. Set with the SetAbortFunction() command.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-ContinueOnMeasurementFailure</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>Boolean</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">This boolean is set to true in the event that continue on measurement failure mode is selected for the current test cell</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-CurrentScriptFile</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String containing the filename (and path, in local mode) of the currently executing test script.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-CurrentUser</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Current user login name</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-ElapsedTestTime</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The total time elapsed in seconds</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-FailFunction</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Name of the function that will execute after the script has failed. Set with the SetFfailFunction() command.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-FinalizeFunction</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Name of the function that will execute after the script has finished. Set with the SetFinalizeFunction() command.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-JabilTestVersionNumber</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The overall version of Jabil Test being run (as show on the splash screen)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-TestName</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Currently executing test group name, set with the SetTestName() function</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$SerialNumber</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The S/N of the WIP currently being run. </td></tr></tbody></table>

**$RESERVED_AbortFunction** Name of the function that will execute after script execution has been aborted. Set with the SetAbortFunction() command.$RESERVED_ContinueOnMeasurementFailureBoolean
This boolean is set to true in the event that continue on measurement failure mode is selected for the current test cell$RESERVED_CurrentScriptFileStringString containing the filename (and path, in local mode) of the currently executing test script.$RESERVED_CurrentUserStringCurrent user login name$RESERVED_ElapsedTestTimeThe total time elapsed in seconds$RESERVED_FailFunctionName of the function that will execute after the script has failed. Set with the SetFfailFunction() command.$RESERVED_FinalizeFunctionName of the function that will execute after the script has finished. Set with the SetFinalizeFunction() command.$RESERVED_JabilTestVersionNumberThe overall version of Jabil Test being run (as show on the splash screen)$RESERVED_TestNameCurrently executing test group name, set with the SetTestName() function$SerialNumberThe S/N of the WIP currently being run. 

<table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th colspan="3" class="confluenceTh"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">Phoenix-only variables:</span></th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable Type</strong></td><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p>$RESERVED-MaterialName</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>The Phoenix material name of the currently running WIP</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>$RESERVED-OperationResult</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>Class representing the data that will be sent to Phoenix when the script completes. This includes failures, parametric test data, test steps, and other operation data gathered during script execution.</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>$RESERVED-PlantCode</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Phoenix material's plant code of the currently running WIP</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>$RESERVED-ResourceName</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>The Phoenix resource name of the station currently logged into</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

**$RESERVED_MaterialName** 
The Phoenix material name of the currently running WIP
$RESERVED_OperationResult
Class representing the data that will be sent to Phoenix when the script completes. This includes failures, parametric test data, test steps, and other operation data gathered during script execution.
$RESERVED_PlantCode
The Phoenix material's plant code of the currently running WIP
$RESERVED_ResourceName
The Phoenix resource name of the station currently logged into

<table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th colspan="3" class="confluenceTh"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">MES report writer variables: <em><span style="color: rgb(34,34,34);">These are for configuring the fields in the .tar files generated when the MES report write is enabled</span></em></span></th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable Type</strong></td><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd">$TARS-AssemblyNumber</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-BoardStyle</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-Customer</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By Setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell.  If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-Division</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the MES option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the MES option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-FirmwareRevision</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-Line</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell.  If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-Operator</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-Process</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-Site</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell.  If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-SoftwareDoc</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-SoftwareRevision</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TARS-TesterName</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">String</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">By setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell.  If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. </td></tr></tbody></table>

**$TARS_AssemblyNumber** 
StringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_BoardStyleStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_CustomerStringBy Setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell.  If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_DivisionStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the MES option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the MES option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_FirmwareRevisionStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_LineStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell.  If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_OperatorStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_ProcessStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_SiteStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell.  If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_SoftwareDocStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_SoftwareRevisionStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell. If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. $TARS_TesterNameStringBy setting this variable inside of a test script, it allows the script writer to override the default values entered into the TARS option form for the cell.  If the variable is not used in the script, the default option specified in the TARS option form will be used for reporting. 

<table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th colspan="3" class="confluenceTh"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">Developer/Function author use only. <em><span style="color: rgb(0,51,102);">These <span class="il">variables</span> are generally only used by developers writing Jabil Test mods and function libraries:</span></em></span></th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable Type</strong></td><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TestDisplay</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The test cell's "Current Operation" display text box</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$TestCell</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Object</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">A reference to the entire test cell object which can be used for implementing reflection inside certain script functions. The variable exists more for the benefit of the executive programmer than the script programmer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-TestResults</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><span>Object</span></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">A reference to the test results object which contains all the test script execution information... this object can be used in conjunction with a custom test script command to 'fine tune' the test results before they are sent to the test report writer collection.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-StateManager</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Reference to the Jabil Test state manager, which controls settings and allows access to automation functions</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-ServiceProxy </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Reference to the WCF proxy</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-JabilTestRemoter</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Reference to the remoter class which allows test cells to be controlled by external applciations via .NET remoting calls</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-JabilTestMDB</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The Jabil test settings database connection object</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-CellSynchronizationAgent</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Deprecated synchronization class used by the original critical sections implementation</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$RESERVED-ArgumentCount </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">Number of arguments passed to the currently executing script function</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">$ProgressBar</td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> <span>Object</span></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd">The test cell's progress bar object</td></tr></tbody></table>

**$RESERVED_TestResults** 
ObjectA reference to the test results object which contains all the test script execution information... this object can be used in conjunction with a custom test script command to 'fine tune' the test results before they are sent to the test report writer collection.$RESERVED_StateManagerReference to the Jabil Test state manager, which controls settings and allows access to automation functions$RESERVED_ServiceProxy Reference to the WCF proxy$RESERVED_JabilTestRemoterReference to the remoter class which allows test cells to be controlled by external applciations via .NET remoting calls$RESERVED_JabilTestMDBThe Jabil test settings database connection object$RESERVED_CellSynchronizationAgentDeprecated synchronization class used by the original critical sections implementation$RESERVED_ArgumentCount Number of arguments passed to the currently executing script function$ProgressBarObjectThe test cell's progress bar object<table class="confluenceTable"><tbody><tr><th colspan="3" class="confluenceTh"><span style="color: rgb(0,0,255);">Present in code variables: <span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">These are never used/set</span></span></th></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable</strong></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><strong>Variable Type</strong></td><td class="confluenceTd"><strong>Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td class="confluenceTd"><p>$TestStatus</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td class="confluenceTd"><p>never set to a value</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>$RESERVED-JabilTestMDB-PersistentVariables</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>not used</p></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>$RESERVED-ProductName</p></td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"> </td><td colspan="1" class="confluenceTd"><p>not used</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

**$RESERVED_JabilTestMDB_PersistentVariables** 
not used
$RESERVED_ProductName
not used


